[BrokenLinksH2] Fixed broken links (#903)
MicrosoftDocs/iis-docs: iis/application-frameworks/install-and-configure-php-applications-on-iis/openads-on-iis.md

OpenAds 2.0 is an ad server written in PHP that allows you to place banners on your website and manage your banners in a professional way. OpenAds is open source, which means you have access to the source code, licensed under the General Public License. OpenAds is the latest version of PHPAds.

> For more information about OpenAds, see `http://www.openads.org/`.

Author: How about:

For more information about Revive Adserver (formerly OpenAds), see `https://www.revive-adserver.com/`.

In this section, we go through the steps required to install OpenAds to work with FastCGI extension on IIS 6.0 and IIS 7.0 and above. To find out more about FastCGI support in IIS, see [https://www.iis.net/fastcgi](https://www.iis.net/downloads/microsoft/fastcgi-for-iis).

The following steps assume that you have completed the setup and configuration of FastCGI extension and PHP libraries as described in [https://www.iis.net/fastcgi/phpon60](using-fastcgi-to-host-php-applications-on-iis-60.md).

## Download and Unpack OpenAds

> First, download the latest stable release of the OpenAds application. For this article, we use openads-2.4.1 downloaded from the mirror `http://www.openads.org/products/openads/download?ext=zip&amp;utm\_source=openads&amp;utm\_medium=f&amp;utm\_campaign=upgrade241`.

Author: Thanks for your detective work, Wade! Too bad they didn't just forward the old domain!

> First, download the latest stable release of the OpenAds application. For this article, we use openads-2.4.1 downloaded from the mirror `http://www.openads.org/products/openads/download?ext=zip&amp;utm\_source=openads&amp;utm\_medium=f&amp;utm\_campaign=upgrade241`.

Author: How about this?

For this article, we use Revive Adserver (formerly OpenAds). See https://www.revive-adserver.com/.

> First, download the latest stable release of the OpenAds application. For this article, we use openads-2.4.1 downloaded from the mirror `http://www.openads.org/products/openads/download?ext=zip&amp;utm\_source=openads&amp;utm\_medium=f&amp;utm\_campaign=upgrade241`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, download the latest stable release of the OpenAds application. For this article, we use Revive Adserver (formerly OpenAds). See [https://www.revive-adserver.com/](https://www.revive-adserver.com/).
```

OpenAds 2.0 contains an automatic installer which does most of the work for you. Do not manually edit the configuration files, because that could cause problems in the future. Follow the guidance given below.

> 1. To start the installer, open a Web browser and point it to the directory in which `http://localhost/openads`. This starts the installer automatically. If it does not start automatically, use `http://192.168.2.10/openads/www/admin/install.php`).  

Author: This is getting a little tricky. If permissible, I'd comment out the links and add a paragraph:

For more information about Revive Adserver (formerly OpenAds), see https://www.revive-adserver.com/.

> 1. To start the installer, open a Web browser and point it to the directory in which `http://localhost/openads`. This starts the installer automatically. If it does not start automatically, use `http://192.168.2.10/openads/www/admin/install.php`).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To start the installer, open a Web browser and point it to the directory in which `http://localhost/openads`. This starts the installer automatically. For more information about Revive Adserver (formerly OpenAds), see [https://www.revive-adserver.com/](https://www.revive-adserver.com/). 
```
